The Earth revolves around the Sun.
Water freezes at 0 degrees Celsius.
The sky appears blue due to Rayleigh scattering.
A year has 365 days, except leap years which have 366 days.
Humans have 206 bones in their bodies.
The largest planet in the solar system is Jupiter.
The capital of France is Paris.
The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean on Earth.
The human heart has four chambers.
Mount Everest is the tallest mountain in the world.
The Great Wall of China is the longest wall in the world.
The speed of light is approximately 299,792 kilometers per second.
Honey never spoils; archaeologists have found edible honey in ancient Egyptian tombs.
A group of lions is called a pride.
The Eiffel Tower is located in Paris, France.
The Moon is Earth's only natural satellite.
The Amazon Rainforest produces 20% of the world's oxygen.
The Statue of Liberty was a gift from France to the United States.
The human brain is about 75% water.
The largest desert in the world is the Antarctic Desert.
There are seven continents on Earth: Asia, Africa, North America, South America, Antarctica, Europe, and Australia.
The national animal of Canada is the beaver.
The world's longest river is the Nile River.
The Sun is a star located at the center of our solar system.
The cheetah is the fastest land animal, capable of running up to 75 mph (120 km/h).
The human body is made up of approximately 60% water.
The coldest place on Earth is Antarctica.
The largest land animal is the African elephant.
The Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci.
A rainbow has seven colors: red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.
The human eye can distinguish about 10 million different colors.
The shortest war in history was between Britain and Zanzibar on August 27, 1896, lasting 38 minutes.
The first manned moon landing occurred on July 20, 1969, with Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin.
Antarctica is the driest, coldest, and windiest continent.
The longest-living animal is the Greenland shark, which can live up to 400 years.
The largest living organism is a fungus in Oregon that spans 2,385 acres.
The Eiffel Tower was originally intended to be a temporary structure.
A giraffe's neck contains the same number of vertebrae as a human's neck—seven.
The first computer programmer was Ada Lovelace, who wrote the first algorithm for Charles Babbage's Analytical Engine.
The shortest month of the year is February.
A lobster's blood is blue because it contains copper-based hemocyanin.
The tallest living tree is a coast redwood named Hyperion, which stands 379.7 feet (115.7 meters).
A group of crows is called a murder.
The longest-living human was Jeanne Calment, who lived to be 122 years and 164 days old.
The Mona Lisa is considered one of the most famous artworks in the world.
The world's largest living animal is the blue whale.
Shakespeare wrote 154 sonnets.
The first successful powered flight was made by the Wright brothers on December 17, 1903.
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world, after the Nile.
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
The largest volcano in the solar system is Olympus Mons on Mars.
The human nose can detect over 1 trillion different smells.
The world's oldest known tree is a bristlecone pine in California, estimated to be over 4,800 years old.
Venus is the hottest planet in the solar system, even hotter than Mercury.
The tallest statue in the world is the Statue of Unity in India, standing at 182 meters.
The first artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, was launched by the Soviet Union on October 4, 1957.
The largest coral reef in the world is the Great Barrier Reef, located off the coast of Australia.
The world's first chocolate bar was made in 1847 by Joseph Fry.
There are 118 elements on the periodic table.
The longest-running TV show is "The Simpsons," which began in 1989.
A snail can sleep for up to three years at a time.
A spider's web is made of protein and can be stronger than steel.
The Great Pyramid of Giza was the tallest man-made structure in the world for over 3,800 years.
Earth is the only known planet to have liquid water on its surface.
A blue whale's heart is as big as a small car.
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest living structure visible from space.